Whom to trust?
Solar electric is relatively new to the Philippines. Other parts of the world have embraced this technology as we do any other necessity for an economically viable commodity.
Yet solar is a new concept to many. The mechanics are quite simple. There are no moving parts, the only maintenance is washing the panels every 6 months.
Master electrician Augusto Tebio was the first to install a large scale solar project in Foundation University years ago (160 solar panels on the north campus).
“My career in solar spans 28 years. Mostly in Hawaii which has so many similarities to the Philippines. Augusto Tebio is an Electrician and a man I can trust. There is a right way and a wrong way to attach solar electric. Augusto knows the right way and will promptly stop any wrong or half-way measures of an installation. He understands. Substandard work only creates a bad work environment, and can only hurt the finished product. That’s why we partner so well, we both understand this basic teanant of contracting” –Jeff Davis
Equipment 
Top tier panels are of a certain quality that allows import and export internationally. These panels have 25 years warranties (80% of original output) and are used in large scale utility projects (solar farms) as well as residential. Any attempt to “sell” solar based on professed “Better” panel is a sales pitch and should be avoided. There are certain situations that paying a significant premium for a more efficient.
Panel makes sense. For instance, when your electric bill is very high but your available roof space is small. Otherwise, why pay more for the same product-electricity. There is no better form of electricity to speak of it is what it is.
Buy top tier panel, many have warranties underwritten by large insurance firms (such us AIG) to guarantee the 25 year coverage. 
Buy now – or Wait
 The idea that solar products will perform better in the future is given. Waiting for that day is a bad economic plan. 
Add the cost of your electric bill payments accrued while waiting and you will have lost much more $ than you might save by technological advance. 
Remember, it’s all the same in the end. Free electricity. You don’t need the latest-greatest panel to produce the exact same product.
There is NO magic-free product coming to you in your lifetime. 

Inverter
The inverter’s job is to take the Direct Current (DC) provided from the sun and invert that to Alternating Current (AC) that can be used for all purpose and export safely to the electric grid.
Types of Inverters
Central- This device is the inverter technology has progressed for over 60 years and is used exclusively in commercial application as well as residential. The efficiency of DC to AC is approximately 90% high.
These inverters harvest more solar energy than any other type of inverter. They are proven and reliable. A typical central inverter could last 15-20 years and be replaced at an affordable cost.
Micro Inverters
Micro inverters entered the market very recently. The inverter is very small and each panel has one. The sales pitch is that if one fails “the rest still work.” From vast experience I can tell you that you will spend the rest of your life replacing them one after the other. Replacing a defective micro inverter (Basically a toy) is very time consuming and expensive. Yes, they may offer a “great” warranty, but taking apart the system to reach the “Broken” inverter is a labor nightmare. Micro inverters have a much lower rate of inverting DC-to-AC. Approximately 86-88% inversion as compared to the mid 95% of central inverters. 
From my experience, they are a cheap way to install. The installer saves money while having a great sales pitch. “Every panel has one.” And every one will fail in due time. Good luck getting your installer to continue to replace them month after month.
Inverters generate heat. That heat is the enemy of the electronics. These “micro toys” cannot handle the heat nor the wear and tear of the environment as they are on the roof, not protected as a central inverter.  Although Central inverters are able to be installed outside in the elements, they are not directly on the roof. Not only the heat of inverting is an enemy, but the heat of the sun as well.  
Water Proofing
There is a solar company born every day. The economic driver that is solar is taking over the world’s market. The drive is money. That’s fine if you’re selling fashion or diet supplements, but we in the industry require license, experience, electrical proficiency, and safety.
Did you know? Solar installation is 70% roof penetration and waterproofing?  
Professional companies “respect the roof.” Startup companies “respect the profit.”
All roof types require a different approach to guarantee a waterproof installation. Saving money on the electric bill is wonderful, but not to the expense of a leaking roof.
We stand behind our workmanship and experience. We offer a FIVE YEAR Workmanship Warranty.
For those who don’t know, this is primarily a waterproofing warranty—Very important!!!
Typically, if you use a central inverter you will have zero problems with the function of your P.V. solar cleaning of panels is recommended at least 2 times per year. Water and Broom.
However, the integrity of your roof penetration is of utmost concern. 
Final advise—use a professional, not a marketing company.
PLEASE NOTE. YOUR WORKMANSHIP WARRANTY IS ONLY AS GOOD AS YOUR INSTALLER. USE A PROVEN CONTRACTOR.

Solar Leasing VS Outright Purchase
 Just as leasing a car is expensive relative to direct purchase, so is Solar leasing. You pay 5 to 8 times the cost of Direct Purchase over the term of lease!!!  

 
